So as mentioned in the last video, I want to start working on these stocks component and the individual
stocks.
So I'll head over to the stocks.vue file where right now we only got this template and I'm
going to replace it with a div. Now
in this div, what I want to do is I kind of want to loop through all my individual stocks and then simply
output them here and let bootstrap handle the, place them in a grid, problematic.
So therefore, what I want to do here first is I want to set up some dummy stocks, just so that we can
see something, we will soon change this and manage our state differently.
So first of all, I'll export default object in here and in this object, I'll have my data function to return
an array of stocks
and again that's just some dummy data we'll replace soon,
whoops, that's it of course, not the right set up, that should be a colon like this.
So how is a stock defined in this application?
Well I want to have ID for each stock, I want to have a name, BMW maybe and then a price, let's say 110 and
then I'm going to repeat this to also get other stocks with unique IDs, that will make it easier to manage
them
with Google let's say and let's give it a price of 200, yes I know that's too low but just so that
we are actually able to buy some of them,
Apple let's say 250 and Twitter, well that can't be much right,
so let's say eight.
So these are the stocks I want to use
and with these stocks, I now want to loop through them and create as many stock components as needed.
So with that, let's work on that stock component next because it seems to be the more interesting one.
I want to start with the layout here,
so first how should this generally look like?
Well as I said, I want to have some boxes which are then distributed across the page by bootstrap,
so we'll certainly wrap the stock in its own column class and I'll name it col-sm-6, col-md-4
maybe so that we can fit three stock boxes next to each other on a medium sized screen and two of them
on a small screen and so on. In there,
I want to use a div or create a div which uses the panel class and also the panel success class, this will
give it this green panel-like look bootstrap offers me, just to let you know what I'm talking about,
if you go on the bootstrap page under components here, you'll also get these panels
and that's what our panel looks like
and there you got different panels and I want to use this green one here to hold my stock data.
So that is the enclosing div
I'm going to use, now
in this div, of course we need a panel heading, this again is a bootstrap class to give it some nice heading
style and there I want to have a h3 tag which I'll give a class of panel title and again, these
are all bootstrap classes make it look nice
and here we want to output the stock name, will soon be replaced,
for now I'll keep it like this.
And also inside of this h3 tag, I'll use another feature bootstrap offers me,
I can not only output my name here,
I can also add small and then some extra data which will be fit nicely into that title by bootstrap,
so here we'll set the price which was a placeholder right now and then it looks good.
So this is my panel heading, now after the panel heading
I want to have my panel body which holds the content.
Now the content are now two divs
basically, one with an input form and one with the buy button,
therefore I'll have a div with the class pull left,
this is a bootstrap class to make it float on the left, pull it on the left side and in there, I simply
want to have my input field which is of type,
well we can make it of type number actually, I will still implement a check to make sure we do have
a number, a valid number in there, so type number
and then I'll give it a class of form control, bootstrap class of course, then I'll give it a placeholder
of quantity so that the user actually knows what we want to see here and that's it for now,
of course we'll revisit this later on.
Then it's time to add another div with the class pool right for this buy button,
so there I want to have a button which says buy though we'll also work on this caption of the button
because I wanna say insufficient funds if we want to buy something we can't afford,
so on this button I'll now add a class which is button and then button success because we want the green
button let's say, always makes buying easier
and that's it for now.
So this is this button and this input field,
with that we got our template for this stock set up,
now before we fill it with some life, let's see if this works as intended by going back to the stocks.vue
.
file here and here I
now want to first import this stock,
so import stock from well and from the stock.vue file.
And of course I also want to register it
and I'm going to register this as a local component here too,
again because I'm only using it in this component,
if I were to use it somewhere else, this of course would be a great global component,
so app stock is a stock here and then I want to have my stock and use v-for on it to loop through all
my stocks.
Now when looping through all the stocks here,
I will say stock in stocks referring to my stocks array down there and that's it for now.
We don't pass the data right now, we'll do this soon,
for now I only want to see if this works.
So let's head over to the application and this looks pretty good,
we got four boxes which makes sense because we've got four stock items, we don't see the data in there
of course because we don't pass it right now,
so let's work on setting up this communication and passing the data down next.